Oops, it's not that I don't take it.
It's monitoring him. Is he malfunctioning?
Why did you look at the picture taken by my phone?
It's straight here. Okay. Okay.
Suddenly the monitoring went blank
It looks like someone vandalized it on purpose.
how
No evidence Tang Yao
No evidence
No witnesses
What can you do to me?
Let's go. Don't waste time with him
No evidence, no witnesses
crazy
Neuropathy
Then there should be complaints
have revenge
Song Yuchuan
Yuchao Yuchao
Yuchao Tang Yao
I'll fight it for you.
Meng Xinxin dares to act with my face open
You got it, right?
You hit people in broad daylight
I want to call the police
I'm going to help you see.
Speak with evidence
Did anyone see it?
lawlessness
It's lawless
Mr. Meng, you don't know
I, Lu Xuan, am the law of this capital
Beijing sky